Added images, clarified fork behavior (#2257)
wandb/docs: models/runs/forking.mdx

---

<Warning>
The ability to fork a run is in active development and in private preview. Contact W&B Support at support@wandb.com to request access to this feature.
</Warning>

> You can explore different parameters or models from a specific point in an experiment without affecting the original run. To do this, fork from an existing W&B run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can explore different variations or paths from a specific point in an experiment without affecting the original run. To do this, fork from an existing W&B run.
```

Reviewer: I'm not actually sure what is meant here by `parameters or models`, possible that is correct and just not the terminology we use internally 🙂

> When you fork from a run, W&B creates a new run using the source run’s [unique ID](/models/runs/run-identifiers#unique-run-identifiers) and a specified step. Data from the source run is moved, not copied, to the forked run. The forked run includes all data from the source run up to that step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you fork from a run, W&B creates a new run using the source run’s [unique ID](/models/runs/run-identifiers#unique-run-identifiers) and a specified step. Summary metrics from the source run are copied to the forked run. The forked run shares all history and files from the source run up to the specified step.
```

After the fork step, you can log new data to the forked run independently of the original run.

<Note>
* Forking a run requires [`wandb`](https://pypi.org/project/wandb/) SDK version >= 0.16.5
* Forking a run requires monotonically increasing steps. You cannot fork from a run that uses non-monotonic steps defined with [`define_metric()`](/models/ref/python/experiments/run#define_metric). Non-monotonic steps break the chronological order of run history and system metrics.
</Note>

Specify the source run's unique `run ID` and the `step` you want to start the forked run from as arguments to `fork_from` in [`wandb.init()`](/models/ref/python/functions/init). 

## Fork from a previously logged run

> The following code snippet shows how to fork from a run that was previously logged to W&B. This might occur if you want explore different parameters or models from a specific point in an experiment. For example, you might want to fork from a run after the training phase to try different evaluation parameters or metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code snippet shows how to fork from a run that was previously logged to W&B. This might occur if you want resume training for pre-empted run by restoring from the last successful checkpoint. Or perhaps you might want to fork from a run after the training phase to try different evaluation parameters or metrics.
```

> The following code snippet shows how to fork from a run that was previously logged to W&B. This might occur if you want resume training for pre-empted run by restoring from the last successful checkpoint. Or perhaps you might want to fork from a run after the training phase to try different evaluation parameters or metrics.

Reviewer 2: "pre-empted"? I don't know what this means specifically (perhaps your real audience does however) - does it mean 'interrupted' or is it a specific models thing?
regardless, i think you're missing an 'a' "a pre-empted run" (or 'an interrupted run' ;)
